we're here in West Hollywood at Luke
we're legendary chef and author of the
slanted or Charles fan is here to share
his famous spring roll recipe which has
been enjoyed by Jake Gyllenhaal Ashton
Kutcher Mila Kunis and even first lady
Michelle Obama chef I'm just so excited
to be here and I understand that you
serve over 80,000 spring rolls every
single year at your restaurant people
must love this thing yeah and we
actually in the kitchen still eat this
thing every day and I'm not sick of it
and second one is chicken noodle soup so
we love it but this is really like your
secret weapon I mean this is what kind
of started the restaurant yeah yeah and
and it's this rice paper it really you
don't fry it you just dip in in warm
water to get it all pliable so you get
it out of the store like this I'm gonna
use hot water to make it soft okay you
you smooth around and you got lettuce
noodle this is traditional with shrimp
in port mom put a little a Ola in there
a low fat in there and that's really the
secret because everything is so lean you
got poured this is rice noodle you would
hydrate from a store that you buy chef
why is this one of your favorite go-to
dishes to make especially around the
holiday season it's so clean and simple
the sauce got a lot of flavor it's just
not overpowering is something you know
how you like matzo ball soup is so clean
and simple sort of same thing the flavor
just pure and so I got the noodle the
mint I think what I love about this dish
too especially when you're entertaining
is you can get your friends and family
in the kitchen hoping you make these I'm
sure when you were little you would help
mom and they can to make sure here this
is where they're free to break it and
they just you know tuck it really hard
so it's almost like you're making a
burrito but super super tight yeah
submit the shape up top face down we're
all actually see right then you just cut
it and don't get fancy right don't worry
we're serving with this uh it's a peanut
sauce Oh with miso and chili mmm
um and it's got glutinous right in there
to make it creamy so without it you
probably just have Skippy and chili so
no I cannot wait to try this and I can't
wait to make this as holiday season for
my friends and family chef thank you so
much thank you thank you very much